Update the doc about maxmemory on replicas (#1457)
redis/redis-doc: topics/replication.md

AOF file. However the instance may be turned to RDB persistence before shutting
down it, than can be restarted, and finally AOF can be enabled again.

Maxmemory on replicas
---

> Replicas don't honor `maxmemory` because by default a replica will ignore this setting (unless it is promoted to master after a failover or manually). It means that the eviction of keys will just be handled by the master, sending the DEL commands to the replica as keys evict in the master side.
> 
> This behavior ensures that masters and replicas stay consistent, which is usually what you want. However, if your replica is writable, or you want the replica to have a different memory setting, and you are sure all the writes performed to the replica are idempotent, then you may change this default (but be sure to understand what you are doing).
> 
> Note that since the replica by default does not evict, it may up end using more memory than what is set via `maxmemory` (since there are certain buffers that may be larger on the replica, or data structures may sometimes take more memory and so forth). So make sure you monitor your replicas and make sure they have enough memory to never hit a real out-of-memory condition before the master hits the configured `maxmemory` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replicas don't honor `maxmemory` because by default a replica will ignore this setting (unless it is promoted to master after a failover or manually).
It means that the eviction of keys will just be handled by the master, sending the DEL commands to the replica as keys evict in the master side.

This behavior ensures that masters and replicas stay consistent, which is usually what you want.
However, if your replica is writable, or you want the replica to have a different memory setting, and you are sure all the writes performed to the replica are idempotent, then you may change this default (but be sure to understand what you are doing).

Note that since the replica by default does not evict, it may end up using more memory than what is set via `maxmemory` (since there are certain buffers that may be larger on the replica, or data structures may sometimes take more memory and so forth).
So make sure you monitor your replicas and make sure they have enough memory to never hit a real out-of-memory condition before the master hits the configured `maxmemory` setting.
```

AOF file. However the instance may be turned to RDB persistence before shutting
down it, than can be restarted, and finally AOF can be enabled again.

Maxmemory on replicas
---

> Replicas don't honor `maxmemory` because by default a replica will ignore this setting (unless it is promoted to master after a failover or manually). It means that the eviction of keys will be just handled by the master, sending the DEL commands to the replica as keys evict in the master side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replicas don't honor `maxmemory` because by default a replica will ignore this setting (unless it is promoted to master after a failover or manually). It means that the eviction of keys will just be handled by the master, sending the DEL commands to the replica as keys evict in the master side.
```

> This behavior ensures that masters and replicas stay consistent, and is usually what you want, however if your replica is writable, or you want the replica to have a different memory setting, and you are sure all the writes performed to the replica are idempotent, then you may change this default (but be sure to understand what you are doing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior ensures that masters and replicas stay consistent, which is usually what you want. However, if your replica is writable, or you want the replica to have a different memory setting, and you are sure all the writes performed to the replica are idempotent, then you may change this default (but be sure to understand what you are doing).
```

> Note that since the replica by default does not evict, it may end using more memory than the one set via maxmemory (there are certain buffers that may be larger on the replica, or data structures may sometimes take more memory and so forth). So make sure you monitor your replicas and make sure they have enough memory to never hit a real out-of-memory condition before the master hits the configured maxmemory setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that since the replica by default does not evict, it may up end using more memory than what is set via `maxmemory` (since there are certain buffers that may be larger on the replica, or data structures may sometimes take more memory and so forth). So make sure you monitor your replicas and make sure they have enough memory to never hit a real out-of-memory condition before the master hits the configured `maxmemory` setting.
```

> In order to change this behavior, it is possible to allow a replica don't ignore the maxmemory. The configuration directives to use is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to change this behavior, it is possible to allow a replica to not ignore the maxmemory. The configuration directives to use is:
```
